rainfall can also lead to patronage
especially in faults
the intensity of the first to lose pasture influence
the return of rainy days mainly at this time of year throughout the northeast
increase accident numbers
mainly because of wet and slippery slopes experts say that
this number is mainly sought in back collisions to the same rainfall
event can also cause loss of car contact with sound
to call the popularity the risk is greater in case of asphalt with much
irregularity or garbage on this type of surface with the
not stop there is an accumulation of water consequently causing the
aquaplaning the danger is greater on the highways because of the speed at 100
kilometers per hour the friction between the shank and the surface falls in half
and the vehicle needs more distance to stop the lack of maintenance
also increases the chances of the car losing contact with the ground
the formation of long the pocket of water is not normal and the pavement well done
warns engineers not even when heavy rain on the highways is a species
of cover on the asphalt and tends to quickly throw out the accumulated water
the climate of each region required adaptation of the highway project or
streets
where it rains more the pavement hard this one it needs much stronger structure
generally on rainy days, drivers are more careful in
In addition, there are others who prefer not to take such risks.
conditions
during the rainy season, double care is needed because
security as to the physical integrity of its members.
occupants with taking some precautions the situation may be less
stressful and safer
visibility on rainy days is compromised, so we should
worrying instead of being seen turn on the low headlights independent of the
external lighting attention to the puddles of water they hide easily
holes that can cause wheel breakage tire curtains suspension damage
and loss of control of the vehicle phineas bald the consumption the low favors
aquaplaning check the condition of the paraiba and the windshield wiper that
The rear defroster is good visibility when it comes to
make quick decisions
at noon distance from the vehicle in front of you
because of a sudden stop the time that your car takes to stop
increases due to wet assault
if you only have the option of crossing the flooded site only do so with full
security remember that there is no depth of security but most
of cases can go through floods as long as water does not
half the height of the wheels and the exhaust